The slime charges towards you, and attempts to attatch to your leg.
However, with your reaction time you swiftly slash it in the air.
The slime pieces fall on the floor and makes a slimy puddle.

The dragon is standing guard outside the door, it's huge.
You're trying to figure out the best attack plan, but the dragon already spotted you.
You charge the dragon, dodging any fire balls flying your way.
When you finnaly reach the dragon you thrust your weapon towards it.
You manage to lodge your weapon inbetween the dragons scales.
The dragon lets out a roar, and moves its head to bite you.
The head is aproaching, and you deal your final blow towards the dragons throat.

The demon approaches you, and requests that you play a game of dice.
After close consideration, you decide you better not.
you swiftly slay the demon, whose death results in a strange fire and some other theatrics.
It's proabably better this way.
I mean, it's not like you knew how to play dice anyways.

The large metallic golem blocks your path.
Your weapon wont be able to penetrate its steel...
After some analyzing, you deduct that the joints are the weak points.
you thrust towards the golem, but it knocks your weapon of its path.
You quickly charge again, and you lodge your weapon in one of the golems joints.
You give it a quick jerk, and the arm pops right off. Oil is leaking everywhere.

You opened the chest to reveal an unpleasant suprise.
It wasn't a chest at all, and you barely escaped with your hand.
You quickly draw your weapon and slash the mimic as it tries to jump towards you.
It appears to still have an item inside...

Ingvar kamprad tries to sell you some cheap IKEA furnitrure
You look at his wares and consider his offer.
You decide to buy a flower pot to bring with you on your adventures.
This pleases Ingvar.
He offers you a two for one price on the IKEA "Bestämma" food box, which you accept.

The troll is wearing some kind of armour, and is holding a large axe.
You attempt to charge the troll, but it swings the large axe at you.
you swiftly dodge it.
You quckly engage in a counter attack, the troll doesnt manage to dodge it.

The skeleton is equipped with a shortsword and a shield.
You run towards the skeleton and kicks the shield out of its hand.
The skeleton is now standing completely open.
You swing your weapon and you manage to knock its head off.
The body crumbles down to the ground, that was it?
you're suddenly starteled by the skeleton head ratteling on the ground.
you stomp on it, it makes a loud cracking sound.

Hummm this is strange...
The thing that just appeard doesnt really seem to excist...
Well it appears that you are supposed to win, but can I really give you a level wihtout a fight?
Ah whatever I am the narrator I do whatever I want, just take it.