The slime charges towards you, and attatches to your leg
With your fast reaction time you swiftly slash it.
However, consequently you also slash your own leg.

The dragon stands guard at the door, It's huge...
You charge towards the dragon, graciously dodging its attacks.
As you get closer to the dragon you prepare to deal your blow.
You thrust your weapon towards the dragon and...
It bounces off the thick dragon scales, making for a rather comedic end to this epic battle.
After giving you a weird look, the dragon casually kicks you.
You then make your daring escape, but you didn't get out unscaved.

The demon approaches you, and requests that you play a game of dice.
At first you hesitate, but you accept as the demon offers you amazing rewards if you win.
After a nerve-wrecking game, you end up losing.
At this moment, you realize that you dont even know how to play dice.
you feel a strange empetyness after the demon takes a piece of your soul.

The metallic golem blocks your path.
You charge towards it and attempt to thrust your weapon at it.
It swings its large arms and easely knocks your weapon off its intended path.
You temporarely jump back, but you dash right back in to commbat
however, your efforts are to no use.
You cant penetrate the steel of the golem, and you end up being knocked down by the golem.

You opened the chest to reveal an unpleasant suprise.
It wasn't a chest at all, and you barely escaped with your hand.
It did still manage to bite you though.
Luckely, the mimic is slow and you manage to retreat to treat your wound.

Invar kamprad tries to sell you some cheap IKEA furniture.
You take a quick look at what he is offering.
You decide you're not interested and try to head on your way.
However, this angers Ingvar and he pulls out an IKEA "HJÄLTE" pasta ladle.
He wacks you on the head and it hurts quite a bit.

The troll is wearing some kind of armour, and is holding a large axe.
You attempt to charge the troll, but it swings the large axe at you.
you swiftly dodge it.
However, the troll quickly follows the swing with a kick which you did not see comming.

The skeleton is equipped with a shortsword and a shield.
You run towards the skeleton and kicks the shield out of its hand.
The skeleton is now standing completely open.
You take the oppertunity to pierce the skeletons chest with your weapon.
The skeleton slowly looks down at the weapon in its chest, then slowly back up at you.
... Mayby you should have aimed for the actual bones?
You get slashed by the skeleton.

Something seems wrong...
Whatever just appeard doesnt seem to actually excist...
well anyways, your supposed to take damage here, so you trip on a rock on your way out.
I know, lame. But im the narrator, I do whatever I want.