You enter the room and look around.
The room is empety, except for a staircase towering up towards a door.
You start to make your way up the staircase, but when you're about half way up you hear a loud click.
Confused you look around, at first it seems fine.
SWOSH
Suddenly all the steps falls down creating a ramp, and a floor hatch opens at the bottom.
You struggle to hold on, but the ramp is to slippery.
You slide all the way down and fall in to the hatch.
With a loud thud you hit the floor.
...
...
You will certainly feel that tomorrow.
You look up and see the hatch close, and once again you find yourself in a room with three doors.
-1 HP

You enter the room and hear a pleasant clinging sound.
You look down to find that the floor is covered in gold coins.
You open your backpack and start filling it with coins.
but after only a few seconds you notice something strange...
all the coins are starting to slide towards the center, like they're draining away.
It gets faster and faster, and you realize what is happening. 
The floor is opening up.
You tunr around and dash towards the door only to realize there is no door anymore.
The wall has closed.
A milion thughts rush through your head, how do you get out?
but before you figure something out you're alreaddy falling.
you land on a floor made out of iron bars, all the coins fall right through.
as you lay there you see them all fall down in to the water bellow.
You stand up, with no coins and your body hurts like hell.
-1HP

You enter the room and the first thing you notice is a large pit.
On the other side you se a door and a table with something on it.
It's a sword, it looks sharp and is proabably better than the one you have.
There is a rope dangeling from the roof, you could use it to get to the other side.
You give the rope a few tugs, it seems to be sturdy enough but you figure it's a trap.
However, the door is locked. You grab your weapon and try to get the door open.
It wont budge.
You return to the rope, the only way is forward.
As you swing across the rope gets longer!
The rope is now to long to get you safely to the other side, and you instead slam in to the wall of the pit.
Starteled, you stand up at the bottom of the pit.
There is a door.
You enter it.
-1 HP
You find yourself in another room with three doors.

You enter the door and you're faced with a long corridior.
You walk down the corridor and end up att a shaft that goes both upp and down.
The walls of the shaft are covered in ladders of various lengths.
You figure that the best way to get out of this place is to go upp.
You're about two thirds of the way upp, but the ladder you're currently on feels a bit shaky.
The ladder falls off the wall, and so do you. You fall down the entire shaft and land at the bottom wiht a thud.
After getting back on your feet you look upp, you wont be able to get back to the top with that missing ladder.
And you do not trust the other ladders to get you back the way you came.
Instead you look around only to find yourself in another room with three doors...
-1 HP

You are faced with a corridor, that for once seems rather normal.
In the end there is a door, and so you start walking towards it.
After getting about half way there, you hear a click.
You look down to find that you have stepped on a pressure plate.
And before you have time to react, you see a dart sticking out of your leg.
You quickly pull it out.
After closer inspection, you notice that the dart is filled with poison.
Luckely, the mechanism to realese the poision didn't activate.
Your leg still hurts though....
-1 HP

You enter a room with wodden floor.
there is a pit with water in the end deviding the room in to two sections.
There is a drawing on the wall showing a side view of the room.
Acording to the drawing, if you use a fishing rod to pull at the mechanism under the water, it will raise a bridge.
There just happends to be a fishing rod next to the drawing.
A chalenging task, but not impossible.
You grab the rod and throw your line in to the water.
After a few tries you manage to catch the mechanism.
You give the rod a pull, and you hear some sort of mechanical sound.
Before you know it, a spring in the ground shoots you in the air.
The rod, still stuck to the mechanism in the water makes you fly in an arc towards the other side.
You slam in to the ground.
Even though it wasn't a bridge, you're still on the other side.
Mayby not in one piece, but close enough.
-1 HP

Upon entering the room you are faced with a long ramp leading to a door.
You start walking towards it.
About halfway there, you trip over something.
You stand up and check what you tripped on.
It was a tripwire.
Suddenly you hear the sound from hundreds of stone marbles crashing against the floor.
you look up towards the sound, only to see all the marbles tumbeling down towards you.
Before you get the time to react, you are once again on the floor tumbeling down the ramp together with the marbles.
Once you reach the bottom you slam in to the wall.
-1 HP
You stand up and walk back up the ramp, this time without incident.
